[docs] Update CSS theme variables related content (#43130)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/customization/theming/theming.md

## Theme provider

> Use `ThemeProvider` to inject a custom theme into your application.

Reviewer: Not related to this PR, but the "However" sounds weird to me here.

Would something like this work?

```suggestion
Use `ThemeProvider` if you want to use a custom theme in your application.
If this provider is not used, Material UI components will use the library's default theme.
```

## Theme provider

> Material UI components adhere to the library's default theme out of the box.

Author: ```suggestion
Material UI components adhere to the library's default theme out of the box.
```
